Can enable & configure plugins using environment variables (#6024)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/environment-variables.rst

.. note::

  - If Mattermost is run from an initialization file, environment variables can be set via ``Environment=<>``, or ``EnvironmentFile=<path/to/file>``. In the second case, the file specified contains the list of environment variables to set.

>   - From Mattermost v7.5, enviroment configuration parsing supports JSON-compatible nested values, such as ``map[string]interface{}``. This means that you can enable and configure plugins using environment settings by defining the full configuration required.

Reviewer: Propose:
```suggestion
  - From Mattermost v7.5, environment configuration parsing supports JSON for ``MM_PLUGINSETTINGS_PLUGINS`` and ``MM_PLUGINSETTINGS_PLUGINSTATES``. This is especially helpful for Helm configuration files, provided all plugins are configured at the same time. For example, ``MM_PLUGINSETTINGS_PLUGINSTATES="{\"com.mattermost.calls\":{\"Enable\":true},\"com.mattermost.nps\":{\"Enable\":true}}"``.
```
